(storm raging)
(electricity crackling)
(eerie tense music)
(glass shattering)
- Come on.
(praying in foreign language)
- Right there.
Right there.
- What?
What is it?
- It's--
- Answer me!
- It's.
- I, I hear it.
- Watch out!
(eerie tense music)
Take me.
Just take me instead.
(eerie music)
(eerie tense music)
(grunting)
(wet crunching)
(eerie suspenseful music)
- No.
(panting)
(eerie music)
- Think they got all the squatters out?
(grunting)
- I don't know.
Let's go find out.
(knocking at door)
- Who could that be?
- Hi.
So glad you're here.
- Me, too.
Hi.
- Hello, Wendy.
- Hi, again.
Wow.
- Group hug.
Any hug?
Okay, they're too hold for that.
- Yeah, probably.
Uncle Donald.
- Ah, I got ya.
Ah, ah.
- Nice place.
- Thanks.
You want to help us move some boxes?
- Yeah, sure.
Jamie, where'd you go?
You gotta help out.
- You know we'll never
get rid of them now?
- Does this work?
- No, not for a long time.
- It's still cool.
- Hey, how are your videos going?
You still doing that?
- My show?
Yeah.
- Did you catch a ghost yet?
- Nope.
- As long as you're having fun.
- I'll catch a real ghost.
Don't you worry.
- Sure you will.
But in the meantime,
could you help me get some
of those clothes upstairs?
- Only because you asked so nicely.
- Please.
I thank you.
(door creaking)
- Hey.
What are you writing a novel?
- [Charlie] Almost there.
- Let me guess, this is for
a girl you're interested in?
- A girl, no.
- Oh you're writing to more
than one girl at a time, huh?
- They swipe right, I swipe right.
- What a world.
It used to be dates, now it's swipes.
How do you keep track of that?
I mean, if you're talking
to more than one girl
what happens if you send the wrong message
to the wrong one?
Yeah, okay.
Didn't think of that, did you?
Here, why don't you put
that there behind you
while you mull that over, hot shot.
So what's up, man?
- Nothing much.
- Listen, I was gonna surprise you
but I got the same system you have,
the new one, so you and I
can play online together.
It's pretty frigging sweet, right?
- Didn't know you played video games.
- Oh yeah, you could say I dabble.
- Right.
(laughing)
- So, Charlie, listen.
I know things have been kind of different
for you and Jamie now.
I mean, I miss my brother
but for you guys, it's just.
All happened pretty quick.
Tough year for your mom, too.
Anyway, I know a little
a bit about the trouble
you had a few weeks back.
- Look, I really don't want
to do this right now.
- I just, I just,
I just want you to know,
I had a phase like that in my 20s, too.
I was angry at everyone and everything.
Yeah, I got into a lot of fights.
A lot.
I never won one fight.
Not even a single one.
Hey, did I ever tell you
about the pale blue dot?
- Pale?
- Really?
I never.
Oh, well I gotta tell you now.
So, at the university, I got
all these students, right?
They're all stressing
out about their papers,
about their applications, their futures.
Like their whole lives.
Who they're gonna be.
You know what I always tell 'em?
- What?
- I tell 'em one of my
all time favorite lessons.
It's the lesson that made me want
to study science in the first place.
It's a lesson that my
science teacher taught me
about the pale blue dot.
So, basically the
concept is simple, right,
but it comes from one of
the greatest minds ever.
The idea is, if you could see planet Earth
from far enough away,
you would see that it's
just this tiny speck
in a vast cosmic darkness.
It's just this tiny, pale blue dot.
That's it.
Kinda makes you put things in perspective,
you know, I mean.
Think about everything
you know to be true,
who you are, your family.
How you could be better.
Maybe how your problems aren't as vast
as they might seem right now.
You know?
Anyway, you look it up.
Pale blue dot, you'll look it up?
Yeah, I mean it.
- No, I will.
- Oh, hey, I got something for you.
Your father's, now yours.
- No, way.
- Try it on.
- I didn't know you had this.
- Yeah, well.
I needed it but now I'm gonna pass it on.
- This is the jacket he had on
the first time we went riding.
I was scared, you know,
afraid I'd fall off the back.
He said if I just held on tight enough,
I'd have nothing to fear.
- Well now you got the
bike and the jacket.
Listen, don't forget I'm here
if you want to talk to me, okay?
For anything, that's what family's about.
That's here.
(banging)
(muffled shouting)
- What was that?
- Help, somebody.
- Jamie.
Are you okay?
- Yeah, I just.
I got locked in there.
I sort of freaked out.
- Jamie, honey.
There's...
There's no lock.
- You know.
- Sorry.
- It's okay.
(engine revving)
Another box.
- Did you take what you want
from the pile in the cellar?
- What pile?
- The pile, the stuff, the boxes
that the last owners left.
- We're taking from that?
- Yeah, I got a lamp.
- I need a lamp.
- Everybody needs a lamp.
(shouts)
(tense suspenseful music)
- Oh and this triangle
symbol, it's recurring.
Whoever wrote this didn't
want to spell it out.
It's like it's written in code.
- Yeah or complete gibberish.
- Position matters.
- Well yeah.
- Don't let it decide?
First is sight.
Second is hear.
Third is speak.
- You gonna eat that one?
- Yeah get close,
close as possible.
Read incantation.
(laughing)
Uh oh.
Would you believe some of
this is written in Latin?
Okay.
- Would you believe I'm still hungry?
- Did you hear that?
- What?
- The.
(distant scratching)
Scratching.
- What?
No, I don't hear anything.
- In the walls.
- Oh, come on.
Don't tell me we have mice or something.
I gotta call somebody.
Wen?
Wen.
- Yeah?
- You okay?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
You know what, I'm gonna go upstairs,
get ready for bed.
Cool?
- Cool.
(objects clattering)
(wood breaking)
(gasping)
(objects clattering)
(eerie suspenseful music)
(glass shattering)
(gasping)
(oil sizzling)
(panting)
(eerie suspenseful music)
(pen scraping)
(woman humming)
(doorbell ringing)
- I got it.
Hey, Nancy.
- Hey.
- Come on in.
- Thanks.
- Wendy, Nancy's here.
Sorry.
- Nancy, you're a lifesaver.
- No problem at all.
- Nancy, good to see you
but I need some more coffee.
You want a cup?
- No, but I get it.
- Donuts, I made donuts.
- No, I'm good.
No thanks, though.
- Wen?
Just eat 'em all myself.
- Yup, I married him.
- Yes.
- Weird, right?
- Oh.
- Come on, come on.
I tried working my way
through the Wednesday
and Thursday classes
but no dice.
- Don't worry.
You must be so busy moving, anyway.
Let me grade 'em.
- Oh Nancy, I can't do that to you.
I just feel so.
I don't know.
You need to like, relax, you know,
hang out with your friends, whatever.
Be a 20 something.
I'm the boring old married one.
- Wen, trust me, I'm looking for something
to keep me busy right now.
Let me grade them.
- [Wendy] Are you okay?
- Yeah, why?
- Are you sick?
- [Nancy] No.
- You love Donald's home made donuts.
- Yeah, I'm just watching my figure.
- Why?
- Brian and I, sort of, you know.
- Oh, sorry, honey.
But why would you need
to watch your figure?
- I think it was one of
the girls at the gym.
You know, one of the gym girls
who takes a picture of herself
and posts it online,
every time she's working
out while she's working out,
when she's making herself a smoothie.
You know, the kind of girl you want
to hit with your car?
(laugh)
- Wow.
(laughing)
Wow.
- Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
- Listen.
The right person for you
will see that you're smart, kind,
and drop dead gorgeous
and they won't need a picture to prove it.
Screw Brian.
- This is why you rock
and also why I'm grading
these papers for you, Wen.
- You drive a hard bargain.
- Mm hmm.
Listen, I sort of walked here, you know,
exercise, so.
- I'll give you a ride in.
- Thanks.
- Donald,
I'm heading out with Nancy.
- [Donald] Okay.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
(object clattering)
- Hello?
(door creaking)
Wen?
Wendy, I'm home.
(whispering in foreign language)
Honey?
- Hi.
- When did you get here?
- You okay?
- I feel a little sick.
- Oh, what's going on?
- I was gonna make dinner.
- Oh.
Oh no, you got a fever.
Okay, wow.
You know, let me run upstairs
and change real quick,
I'll come back down.
I'm gonna take care of you.
Okay, just.
- But I'm still gonna help with dinner.
- No, no, no.
I'm cooking.
Just.
(meat sizzling)
(eerie suspenseful music)
(oil bubbling)
(gasping)
(shouting)
Okay.
Babe, come on.
Step up, step up.
Okay.
(shouting)
(eerie tense music)
- I heard it in this house.
- Let's go back to the hospital.
- No, no, no, no.
Listen to me.
I heard it.
Please.
- Sweetheart, you have
a really high fever.
You're just not yourself.
- I promise you.
It's here.
(heart pounding)
Right behind you.
In the dark.
(heart pounding)
(suspenseful music)
- Hey guys.
It's Jamie, back for another video
at the world famous Blood Shed
where it was said that
three women were killed.
They say there was so
much blood on the inside,
it painted the walls red.
Creepy.
Now, last week we went
to the ghoul school,
that sucked, I know.
Nothing there.
But this time I'm hoping
we've got something real.
Okay, I'm just gonna
ask you a few questions.
Don't be scared of my device.
Right, so.
This is just an
electromagnetic field reader,
so I can get a sense where you are
and talk to you.
And I'm recording you.
So, smile.
Okay.
I'm just gonna ask you a few questions.
If the answer is yes,
take a step towards me
and my EMF will light up red
and if it's no step away.
Okay.
(machine beeps)
Are you a girl?
Are you a boy?
Okay, um.
Let's try something different.
Are you happy I found you?
Are you upset I found you?
(machine beeping)
Okay.
Am I bothering you?
(machine beeping)
Do you want me to leave?
No way.
Proof.
(eerie suspenseful music)
(doorbell ringing)
(knocking at door)
(suspenseful music)
Aunt Wendy?
(phone vibrating)
- Hey, Jamie.
What, slow down.
What happened?
Why are you at my house?
Hang on.
What happened?
I'll be right there.
(eerie music)
(groaning)
(panting)
(storm raging)
Sweetheart.
What happened?
- At first she said one thing,
it was like she just
went completely blank.
She kept saying these two words to me.
Endless cruelties.
And then...
And then she seemed almost
like she couldn't breathe,
then she just started screaming.
It will never end, it will never end.
- Let's get her back into bed.
- Uncle Donald.
What the hell is going on?
- I don't know.
I don't know.
- I've heard of this before.
- What?
- A ritual book like this.
Of course.
It has to be done by a group of people
so the demon can't pray
on them individually.
- Demon.
- Individuals are weak.
These forces can overwhelm a single person
but together.
Look, a triangle.
Three sense divided into three people.
One person to see, another person to hear,
and another person to speak.
- To do what?
- Whatever is attacking at Wendy,
it's been here for a long time.
The people who lived here before you guys,
they were fighting it, too, with this.
Look, the ritual allows you to identify
the demon using these
abilities, okay, these senses.
The book itself gives you a
list of known incantations
to banish the demon.
- I've looked at all of this.
It's nonsense, it's just crazy scribbling.
- No, they're instructions.
- Jamie, you can't possibly believe
that any of this real.
- Of course I do.
Don't you, after what's happened here?
I mean, what more do you need?
- The book is empty.
- No, it's here it's just hidden.
- That doesn't make any sense.
- It does.
This is powerful stuff,
it can be dangerous, too, I'm sure.
- Never should have mentioned it.
- We have to do the ritual.
Me, you, and Charlie.
- No.
- Please let me do this for her.
- Uncle Donald.
- Absolutely not!
- Fine.
But at least let me stay the night.
It would make me feel
better to be close by.
- Fine.
(knocking at door)
- Hey.
- Hey, Charlie.
- Jamie seemed pretty upset on the phone.
You okay?
Well, where is she?
- Fell asleep on the couch.
- She asked me for stuff.
Got her clothes and a toothbrush.
- Good.
- Can I see Aunt Wendy?
- Sure.
(eerie tense music)
- What the hell?
What happened, what happened to her hand?
- It's kind of a long story.
- We gotta take her to
the hospital or something.
- I took her already, twice.
- And what did they say?
- It's not that simple.
- Did you tell mom?
Look, I don't understand.
What's happening, what are
you not telling me here?
(eerie suspenseful music)
(speaking Latin)
(static crackling)
(doorbell ringing)
- Hi, Nancy.
You're here late.
- Oh, I finished the grading.
I swear these kids
forget what the paper was
about halfway through.
(laughing)
- Listen, Wendy, she's.
She's kinda under the weather.
So, uh.
- I don't want to be rude,
but I have to see her
about something here.
It will only take a minute.
- I don't know.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Charlie.
- Nancy.
- You work with my aunt?
- Yeah, a graduate assistant.
- Very cool.
You want me to take those for you?
- Yeah, sure.
- Like I said, she's not
going to be able to talk,
she's on some heavy pain medication.
- Oh, geeze, is she okay?
- No.
- Uh.
- I mean, not really.
- Is there anything I can do?
- No, I'm gonna stay
and help out where I can
but I think we're cool.
- That's nice of you.
- Okay, so thank you.
Have a great night, thanks.
Sorry about this
and I'm sure that Wendy's really going
to appreciate all the hard work.
- Oh, no problem, okay.
(gasping)
Um, what, what was that?
- I have no idea.
- I got it.
Come on.
What you got a security
system or something?
- No, we don't have.
- It's not locked, what's wrong with it?
- It's stuck.
(glass cracking)
(power humming)
- Great.
- My phones dead and I
charged it, I know I did.
- Me, too.
- I was gonna use it for the phone light.
- Okay, that's weird.
- Uh, I'm gonna go check
the breaker, I guess.
- I'll check the back.
- I'll come.
- What's it looking like?
All right here, let me try.
Come on.
What the hell?
Uh.
Aunt Wendy?
(Eerie tense music)
Is that you?
Hey.
- Get it open?
- Is there someone else in the house?
- What?
No, it's just us.
- Hey.
So um...
I have to tell you guys something.
- Why didn't you listen to me?
- I had to help her.
You didn't believe in it, so.
I'm sorry, I'm really sorry
I just wanted to help her.
- All right, all right.
Can somebody explain to me
what kind of weird shit is happening here?
- Yeah, yeah.
Your Aunt Wendy found
this book in the basement
and since then, weird
stuff has been happening.
- What's in the book?
- A ritual to banish demons.
You need three people to do it.
- Jamie believes that there's something
in the house with us.
- A demonic force.
- Yeah, that.
- I did the ritual.
I was trying to force you guys to do it
by starting it myself, I'm sorry,
and Nancy I'm really sorry to you
because I didn't know you would
be coming over tonight.
- Okay, all right.
So what do we need three people for?
- The book needs you to identify the demon
before you can banish it
and in order to do that,
you need to find the proper incantation.
There's three abilities
divided to three people.
One person to see the demon,
another person to hear the demon,
and another to speak the demon's language.
Show them the book, Uncle Donald.
- Here it is.
We still haven't figured it out, its...
What?
- [Charlie] What?
- No, there's text there now.
In Latin and I can understand it
and I don't speak Latin.
How is this possible?
- It still looks empty to me.
- Me, too.
- That's mean you can speak the language.
So, either Charlie or I can hear
or see the demon.
- You don't know?
(phone ringing)
- Nothing.
- Should we find a flashlight?
- Yeah, there in here.
- I got 'em.
- I'm coming.
- I know they're somewhere in here.
Found one.
Look.
Look, I know this is some weird shit.
But I'm really sorry you
got caught up in this.
- Let's just keep looking for flashlights.
- You okay, Jamie?
- I have this terrible feeling.
- What?
- Like we're being watched.
I think somethings in here.
- In here?
Can you see it?
- I see something.
(phone ringing)
- I'm getting it this time.
(ethereal screeching)
(static cracking)
(eerie suspenseful music)
(panting)
- Charlie, what was it?
(object clattering)
- That came from the kitchen.
(high pitched whirring)
(shushing)
(eerie suspenseful music)
What the hell?
- What's going on, Charlie?
- Did you guys hear that?
- What?
I don't hear anything.
- Neither do I.
- I think I'm hearing
things you guys can't.
- Where's Jamie?
- Jamie?
You okay?
- Right there.
Can you see that?
I can see.
That means Charlie can hear.
- [Donald] What do you see?
- Like a symbol.
- What kind of symbol?
(eerie tense music)
- Maybe a warning.
It won't go away.
I can see it everywhere.
- It's okay.
- I can see it when I close my eyes.
- It's okay, it's okay.
Just sit down.
It's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
- [Nancy] Maybe she can
trace on a piece of paper?
- [Donald] That's a good idea.
Look on the shelf, see if there's a pen.
You think you could recreate it?
- Yeah.
(eerie tense music)
(panting)
- Oh fuck.
(wood creaking)
(blood dripping)
(eerie tense music)
(muffled panting)
(heaving)
(eerie tense music)
- What happened?
Charlie, what happened?
What happened to you?
- You, you don't want to know.
(objects thudding)
Upstairs.
- [Donald] Upstairs what?
- There's footsteps coming from upstairs.
- Wendy, we gotta go check on Wendy.
Go, go.
- Uncle Donald.
That thing you said to me earlier,
the pale blue dot.
Thank you.
- Gonna be okay, Charlie.
Come on.
(panting)
- Stop.
I think there's something in there.
(eerie music)
(static crackling)
- Shit.
- It's right there.
- It's okay.
It's okay.
- I don't hear it.
- I can't see it.
Jamie, can you describe it?
What do you see?
- I don't know.
- Just try.
- Thin long man in robes.
- [Donald] What else?
- They're tattered robes.
Um just tall, very tall.
Like almost like a shadow.
- Nothing.
(eerie tense music)
(screaming)
- Donald.
Donald!
Come on.
- Charlie, open the door.
- Donald.
- Charlie.
- Donald!
- All right.
I'll find a way out.
- Jamie.
Jamie.
Jamie, come here.
Look, I can't hear the sounds
and I can't see it.
You gotta tell me where it is, all right?
Please, just breathe through it.
Breathe through.
What do you see?
(eerie music)
- Oh my god.
- Charlie!
- Jamie.
(ethereal trilling)
- Jamie!
Jamie, I'm coming.
(grunting)
- No, no, no.
I can't get it.
- [Charlie] Go get Jamie.
- Okay.
- [Charlie] Just don't let her...
- I'm going to go get something.
Okay, I got it, I got it.
- Door, the door, come on.
How do I open the door?
(gasping)
(grunting)
(wet crunching)
(screaming)
(eerie tense music)
(drill whirring)
(screaming)
(wet crunching)
- Charlie!
(eerie tense music)
Aunt Wendy?
(door creaking)
(shouting)
(tense music)
(screaming)
(muffled screaming)
(eerie tense music)
- Charlie.
Oh, oh Jesus.
Come on.
- My fucking shoulder hurts.
- Okay, okay.
You get Jamie, get Jamie.
I'll get Nancy.
- Help.
Help me!
- Nancy.
Nancy.
- Please help me!
Please help me!
(shouting)
(screaming)
(wet crunching)
- Okay, okay, it's okay.
It's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
(sobbing)
I'm gonna get something
to stop the bleeding.
(sobbing)
- Jamie.
Jamie?
Jamie.
We're gonna get out of here, okay?
We're gonna be okay.
The book says the candle will burn red
if Wendy's soul is taken.
- Do we know what the demon is yet?
- [Charlie] I know what it sounds like.
- What?
- [Charlie] I hear a low
pitched hum when it's near.
I know that.
- Okay.
All right.
- But I don't
hear it every time.
- [Donald] What do you mean?
- [Charlie] I mean, it was right next
to us upstairs and I didn't hear a thing.
- [Nancy] So it doesn't hum all the time?
- [Charlie] Right.
- Uh, a voice, a voice.
Maybe you don't hear it all the time
because sometimes it's a voice?
- What about what Jamie saw?
- She said it was a
tall, thin man in robes.
- There's something like that here.
Tall, tattered robes.
Low religious chant.
The name of the demon--
(screaming)
- Jamie!
Jamie.
(shouting)
Jamie!
(groaning)
(eerie tense music)
We can't leave him.
- We need to worry about getting ourselves
out of here right now, okay?
(distant booming thudding)
(eerie music)
(wood creaking)
(booming thudding)
(grunting)
(wet crunching)
(gurgling)
(door creaking)
- Donald?
Donald?
Screw this.
Hey, I gotcha ya.
Hey, hey, hey.
It's okay, it's okay.
We gotta keep pressure on it.
It's fine, it's fine, it's okay.
- Charlie, this--
- You're gonna be fine.
- You have to use the book to banish it.
- What are you talking about?
- Its name, I know its name.
- What, it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
- The name is Sullumeg.
- What?
No, no, no.
We need to keep pressure on it, stop.
What are you doing?
- Listen to me.
Listen to me.
You're gonna need all my blood to do it.
It won't work without it.
(sobbing)
Charlie.
Hey, remember.
Hey, hey.
Look at me.
You remember about the pale blue dot?
It's all, it's all just a vast darkness
and this is just one little speck.
- Donald?
Donald?
Uncle Donald, Donald, Donald.
Look at me.
Please wake up.
(eerie tense music)
- It's okay, Jamie.
It's okay, it's okay.
(sobbing)
(eerie suspenseful music)
- I hear it.
Downstairs, we have to go now.
- What?
- He gave me his name.
- What do we do?
- We do it again.
This time with you.
(eerie music)
Hurry!
(speaking Latin)
Come on.
- I can read it.
I can read it.
- It's there.
- Charlie, watch out.
(eerie music)
(electricity crackling)
Charlie.
(eerie music)
(electricity crackling)
Don't do it yet, Nancy.
Wait until it gets closer.
- What, what about Charlie?
- We have and wait until it gets closer.
- We have to do it.
- Nancy, just wait.
(eerie music)
(electricity crackling)
Now, Nancy, do it now.
(speaking in Latin)
- Her fevers gone.
- You're probably better off down here.
This whole fucking house
gives me the creeps.
- I hope she'll be okay.
- Me, too.
Yeah?
- I'm sorry about Donald.
What should we do with this?
- Burn it.
- Sounds good.
I thought the effects of the ritual
were supposed to wear off.
- [Charlie] I don't know.
Why?
- 'Cause I can still read it.
- What?
Gemullus.
We had it wrong.
It's Gemullus.
- What do you mean?
- The book, it gave us the word
but it was backwards.
- [Charlie] What?
- It gave us Gemullus,
which means twin in Latin.
Um, it says some demons
come in identical pairs
and they are impossible to tell apart
based on looks on alone
and harder to banish.
It's saying the only way to distinguish
the two demons is by
the tone of their voice.
One demon has a low pitched voice,
the other has--
- A pitched one.
- Yeah.
You heard that?
You heard two demons?
- I don't know, maybe.
- In order to banish two identical demons,
the same incantation
has to be read forward
and in reverse.
Or one of the demons will remain,
tethered to the world of the living.
One of them will be in our world forever.
We did it wrong.
- Where's Jamie?
- You look down here.
I'll look upstairs.
- Jamie!
Jamie!
Jamie.
(distant screaming)
(screaming)
(wet crunching)
(eerie tense music)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
(wet crunching)
(eerie tense music)
Jamie.
Jamie!
What the fuck did you do?
Huh?
- Jamie?
(eerie suspenseful music)
(eerie tense music)
(tense music)